=head1 NAME

Bric::ToDo - Bricolage To Do List

=head1 VERSION

$Revision: 1.13.2.2 $

=head1 DATE

$Date: 2001-09-28 16:22:45 $

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This document lists the items on Bricolage's To Do list, and also serves as a
road map.

=head1 OVERVIEW

I'm combining the concepts of the To Do list with the Road Map, since what's on
the To To list merely has version goals. Most of the stuff up through v1.4.0
should be doable. Other wild ideas go into the "Blue Sky" section.

Bricolage versions are determined by the typs of changes required. Minor version
numbers require no changes to the datbase (neither in terms of data or the DDL),
and require few changes to the libraries. The idea is to try to use the existing
tools in the libraries and the database to do more in the UI, though minor
changes to the libraries are allowed. Major version numbers, on the other hand,
change when the database has changed, or when the changes to the libraries are
significant (including the addition of new libraries).

=head2 VERSION 1.0.2

=over 4

=item *

Change Bric::Util::Burner->display_element() so that it doesn't paginate. All
paginated pages will be treated instead as regular elements. This will be useful
for things like printer-freindly pages [David].

=item *

Add filename and file_ext to the Output Channel UI. They're already in the
Bric::Biz::OutputChannel library [David].

=item *

Use the Output Channel filename and file_ext properties to name files in the
burn system [David].

=item *

Add script for cleaning out /tmp that users can run from a cron job [Sam].

=item *

Create installation makefile [Mark].

=item *

Limit rendering of Workflows and Desks in the leftNav by permissions. If a user
doesn't have READ permission on a Desk or Workflow, don't display it [Michele].

=item *

When clicking "New" for an existing contributor, allow choice of Contributor
Type, and B<then> role. Right now, if you want an existing to be a contributor
of a different type, you have to create a new person, and this duplication is
bad [David].

=item *

Create different "Notes" icon (different color) for when there actually B<are>
notes in an asset. This way users won't have to go to the Notes screen just to
find out if they have notes [Michele].

=item *

Add interface for navigating Catgegories hierarchically when creating a new
asset [David].

=item *

Write distribution documentation [David].

=item *

Filter categories and asset types in Asset editing screens by permission. Users
who don't have READ permission on a category or asset type shoul't see it in the
select lists [David].

=item *

Change the term "attribute" to "field" in the UI [Michele].

=item *

Change CE::_set() to only set if the values are different [David].

=item *

Check new desk names to make sure there isn't an existing desk with the same
name [David].

=item *

Make SSL optional (and off by default) [David or Sam].

=item *

XML::Writer (or related) support in Templates [David].

=item *

Have CE::Util::Class use CE::Util::Cache [David].

=item *

Add PERL_LOADER configuration directive to bricolage.conf (and Bric::Config) so
that system administrators can easily specify extra Perl modules they want
loaded for use in templates [David].

=back

=cut

################################################################################

=head2 VERSION 1.0.3

=over 4

=item *

Add the ability to use HTML::Template Templates without breaking the use of
Mason [Sam].

=item *

Add support for Mozilla/Netscape 6 [Dave or Mark].

=item *

Resolve the "Adding Element and hitting Cancel" issue (See
http://bricolage-bugzilla.about.com/show_bug.cgi?id=3).

=item *

Add HTML Cleaning Action [David].

=item *

Add HTML Checking Action [David].

=item *

Add Akamaization Action [David].

=item *

Add new move methods (FTP, SCP, etc.) [Sam and David].

=item *

Add regression test suite [Mark].

=item *

Add interface for editing Contact Types [David].

=item *

Add check for existing people before adding new ones in the Contributor and
User interfaces [David].

=item *

Add ability to change the category association in Templates.

=item *

Add "Check In and Publish/Deploy" button to asset editing screens.

=item *

Add "Check In and Remove from Workflow" button to asset editing screens.

=item *

Link contributors to their assets in the -- provide a link in the Contributor
Manager and/or the Contributor Profile).

=item *

If a field in an Element is marked "Required," then require that it be filled
in in the profile (via JavaScript).

=item *

Add "Clone Asset" button to Media and Story profiles (I think that the API and
maybe even the callbacks are already done).

=item *

Add ability to "undeploy" templates without deactivating them.

=back

=cut

################################################################################

=head2 VERSION 1.2.0

=over 4

=item *

Add keywords to media [David].

=item *

Add Context-sensitive, online help [Sam].

=item *

Add user-created help for user-created fields (add a "Help Text" field to Form
Builder) [David or Sam].

=item *

Add scheduled Burning/Syndication [David].

=item *

Add separate interface for editing templates (via FTP [bleh!] or SCP or
somesuch) [Sam].

=item *

Make Session an object.

=item *

Add ordering to desks, such that their position in workflow can be ordered. This
will likely need some sort of attribute on the desks's membership in the group
for a workflow (since desks can be in multiple workflows).

=item *

Add new and/or custom form fields to the formBuilder (WHO request -- need more
information on what exactly they want).

=item *

Simplify associating media with stories. Users should be able to associated
media with stories just as they do contributors and keywords. However, the new
media objects they upload should be put into the repository as normal media
assets. New uploads of the same media file increment the version numbers.

=item *

Add a flag to the category object to indicate whether or not assets can be
associated with it, and then check that flag in the new asset profiles.

=item *

Add a flag to the category object to indicate whether or not the category is
allowed to have subcategories, and then check that flag in the category profile.

=item *

Allow some preferences to have values typed into a text field [David].

=item *

Allow some preferences to get new options entered by the users (e.g., for name
and date formats).

=item *

Add preference groupings (secret groups would probably work well) and present
the grouped preferences together in a profile. Then just list the preference
groups in the Preference Manager [David].

=item *

Add preference for Contributors to be automatically added to assets as keywords
[David].

=item *

Add preferences for listManagers to indicate whethere they should default to
expand or narrow behavior [David].

=item *

Add URI Case preference [David].

=item *

Create preference for URI format, that is, the order in which it is assembled
(category/date/slug or /date/category/slug, etc.) [David].

=item *

Add preferences to allow admins to specify that keywords follow certain rules,
such as being all lowercase, or to exclude certain words (e.g., About.com
excludes the keyword "about.com") [David].

=item *

Add support for LDAP authentication.

=back

=cut

################################################################################

=head2 VERSION 1.4.0

=over 4

=item *

Add support for Instant messaging (using Jabber server) in Alerts.

=item *

Add pagination to listManager (maybe).

=item *

Improved Attribute/Field editing and design.

=item *

Add file system-like asset browsing (especially for templates and media).

=item *

Add directory Support (as in MPS).

=item *

Add support for Organizations [David].

=item *

Add support for addresses [David].

=item *

Add support for contributor contracts [David].

=item *

Have objects load their group IDs when they're selected in order to save time
checking permissions [David].

=item *

Add Group copying so that a new group can start with the settings (including
permissions) of an existing group.

=item *

Allow Element Types to be subelements. This means that all elements of a
particular type will be subelements, so that if you add or remove elements of
that type, they will automatically be subelements of whatever element for which
the type is defined.

=item *

Add specification for whether Elements added as Subelements of another are
"Required" or not -- just as we currently do for fields in an Element.

=item *

Create separate sand box for previewing stories with templates while templates
are under development -- that is, without deploying them.

=item *

Add support for individual user preferences that can override (some) global
preferences. (Also add group-level prefs?)

=back

=cut

################################################################################

=head2 Blue Sky

=over 4

=item *

Add basic project management.

=item *

Add support for concurrent checkouts, including support for conflict resolution.

=item *

Add support for display of deltas between versions -- something like what CVSWeb
does, in terms of allowing editors to see what has changed between versions of
an asset.

=item *

Integrate with CVS and/or Subversion.

=item *

Integrate with WebDAV (Slide? mod_dav?).

=item *

Add full-text indexing of the database.

=item *

Add strong type checking.

=item *

Add thorough directory (LDAP, NDS, ADS) integration, including group and
permission management.

=item *

Add support for document translation (e.g., Word, QuarkXPress, Acrobat, etc.).

=item *

Add support for skins -- different colors, etc, probably via preferences.

=item *

Add support for creating PDFs in templates (is there something on CPAN for
this?).

=item *

Allow Elements to be previewed before they're added.

=item *

Add permission granularity down to the User, property, field, and attribute
levels.

=back

=cut

################################################################################

=head1 AUTHOR

David Wheeler <david@wheeler.net>

=head1 SEE ALSO

perl(1),
Bric (2).
